
The directories in this directory contain the source for the VOGLE library.

They are as follows:

	docs		contains the documentation such as there is.

	drivers		contains the source to a variety of device drivers,
			currently restricted to: postcript, sun workstation, 
			apollo workstations, X11 (R2 and R3), tektronix (401x),
			hpgl, dxy, and the ibm pc cards: hercules mono, cga,
			ega, vga.

	examples	contains some C and FORTRAN programs useful both in
			testing and (hopefully) learning how to use it.

	hershey		contains the source for generating fonts and the
			hershey data for the occidental and oriental character
			sets.

	src		contains the source for the C VOGLE interface, and the 
			source for the FORTRAN interfaces where available.
			
VOGLE is a device portable graphics library that is loosely based on the
Silicon Graphics Iris GL. It was inspired partly by the DIGS library developed
at the U.S. Naval Academy under the guidance of Prof David Rogers, and in the
light of experience gained by some of the authors when working on the C-DIGS
project at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology, Australia, with Mike
Gigante.

As we will be continuing development on VOGLE we will gratefully accept any
bug fixes or enhancements such as new drivers, etc... People here mainly use it
to move engineering type software between IBM PCs and Sun workstations but we
expect not only our equipment, but our requirements to change, so if you find
it usefull for anything in particular we wouldn't mind hearing from you as
well.

This software is public domain and may be used for any purpose commercial or
otherwise. It is offered without any guarantee as to its suitability for any
purpose or as to the sanity of its writers. We do ask that the source is 
passed on to anyone that requests a copy.

Although VOGLE is public domain we will drink any quantity of Beer you send to
us.

Regards,

	Eric H. Echidna

Snail mail correspondance and alcoholic beverages should be directed to:

	The Software Support Programmer
	Department Of Engineering Computer Resources
	Faculty Of Engineering
	University Of Melbourne Vic 3052
	Australia

email to 

	echidna@munnari.OZ.AU
